COMMUNITY
Advocate: A person who actively supports a public cause. 
Ally: Solidarity with a public cause.
Closeted: LGBTQ etc. people who have not disclosed their sexual orientation or gender identity and aspects thereof
Homophobia: prejudice against homosexuality
Kinsey Scale: A scale that is used to quantify a person's sexual orientation from on scale of 1-5, 1 being completely straight, 5 being completely gay.
Outing: When someone reveals information about another person’s sexual orientation and/or gender identity without their consent.
Queer: umbrella term for all people who are not traditionally heterosexual and/or cisgender
Transphobia: prejudice against transgender people

SEXUAL ATTRACTION
Asexual: does not feel sexual attraction to anY MOTHERFUCKIN GENDER
Bicurious: people of a heterosexual or homosexual identity who, while showing some curiosity for sexual activity with a person of the sex they do not favor, distinguish themselves from the bisexual label.
Bisexual: Attracted to both the same and opposite genders/sexes 
Demisexual: feels sexual attraction only after forming a deep connection with another individual
Dyke: Derogatory slur for lesbians
Faggot: Offensive slur for gay men
Gay: A person who is attracted to people of the same gender/a man who is attracted to men.
Greysexual: Generally feel sexual attraction, but infrequently
Heteronormative:
Heterosexual: Someone who is sexually attracted to the opposite sex.
Homosexual: attracted to the same gender
Lesbian: A woman who is sexually and romantically attracted other women
Pansexual: A person who is attracted to all genders.
Straight: A person who is attracted to people of the opposite sex.

ROMANTIC ATTRACTION
Aromanticism: Experiencing little or no romantic attraction to others and/or has a lack of interest in romantic relationships/behavior.
Demiromantic: feels romantic attraction only after forming a deep connection with another individual
Panromanticism: feels romantic attraction to all genders

GENDER
Agender: ‘without’ gender. A person who does not identify with any particular gender, male or female
Bigender: A person who fluctuates between traditionally “woman” and “man” gender-based behavior and identities, identifying with both genders or both.
Cisnormativity: The assumption, in individuals or in institutions, that everyone is cisgender, and that cisgender identities are superior to trans* identities or people.
Gender Identity: A person's learnt understanding and alignment of "labels" (male/female/trans..)
Gender Expression: a person’s behaviour, mannerisms, interests, and appearance in association with gender
Cisgender: Denoting or relating to a person whose self-identity conforms with the gender that corresponds to their biological sex; not transgender
Genderqueer/genderfluid: not conforming to binary gender identities
Nonbinary: Someone who doesn’t identify as either female or male.
Pangender: person may consider themselves a member of all genders, or more than one gender
Pronouns: words used to refer to people, ranging from traditional gender pronouns “he/him” or “she/her” to new pronouns such as “xe/xir” or “ze/zir”
Trans*: umbrella term for all genders within the gender identity spectrum
Transgender: A person who identifies as the gender other than assigned to them at birth. 
Transexual: A person who identifies psychologically as a gender different to that assigned at birth. People who are transexual often use hormonal and or surgical methods to transform their gender. 

BIOLOGY
Biological Sex: The label that is assigned at birth which is based on one’s chromosomes, hormones and sexual organs.
Hermaphrodite: person with male and female reproductive organs
Intersex: person with sexual anatomy not conforming to traditional male and female biology

GENDER EXPRESSION
Androgynous: a type of gender expression neither exclusively masculine or feminine.
Butch: masculine gender expression (typically refers to masculine women)
Femme: Feminine gender expression (typically refers to feminine men)
Sissy: slur for feminine gender expression
Tomboy: butch girl